Practical Questions
1. WAP to create a class account that stores account no,
customer’s name and balance. Also include required member
functions to accept and display the details. Create another class
transaction and privately derive this class from account. The
transaction class should have type (deposit/withdrawal), amount
and member functions to display and accept details. Also
include member functions to update the balance and in case of
withdrawal also check for the minimum balance.


2. WAP to create 3 classes person, employee and manager with
the following members. Represent multilevel inheritance by
deriving employee class from person protectedly and manager
class from employee publicly and display all details.
Class Person - name, address, age as data members
- getdata() – To get all details
- and showdata() to display all details

Class employee - emp_no, basic, gross salary as data members
- getempdata() – To get all details
- and showempdata() to display all details

Class manager- deptt, no. of employees and designation as Data members
- getmgrdata() – To get all details
- showmgrdata() to display all details

3. WAP to create a class Regular that stores schoolcode, sname(to
store school name), saddress, no_of_rstud(to store no of regular
students). Also include member functions getdata() to accept
details of data member and showdata() to display the details of the
data member. Create another class Correspondence which has
centercode, centername, no_of_cstud(to store number of students
in correspondence course) as data members. Also include its
member functions getd() to input details of data members and
showd() to display the details of data members. Create a third class
Course that has code, fees, duration(no of months) as data
members. Include its member functions havedata() which accepts
the details of code and assigns the value of fees according to the
following criteria:
Duration 		fees
>=12	 	10000
>=6 and <12	 8000
<6		5000


Along with this another function display() to display the details
of the data members. Represent multiple inheritance by deriving
Course class from Regular publicly and from Correspondence
class protectedly.

Questions 1 and 2 to be done practically and 3 in notebook