Practical Questions

1. Declare a class address to read and store the address of a person with the data
members : name (character string size 20)
House no (int)
Street (character string size 15)
City (character string size 20)
Country(character string size 15)

Include constructor functions . One Default Constructor to assign each data
members to null value (numeric to 0 and string to \0), second one should be a
parameterized constructor to initialize city to “DELHI” and Country to
“INDIA” and rest of the data members to user defined parameter values. Also
include the member function which will display the members.

2. Create a class time that has data members hour, minutes and seconds of int
data types and two constructor functions. One Default constructor should
initialize these data to zero and another parameterized constructor should
initialize these to user supplied values. Also include one member function to
display the data in the format 11:10:59 and another, which will add two
objects of time passed as arguments. Display the value of the added object.

3. WAP to generate fibonacci series, using a class fib, which have the following
data members and member functions:
Data members : first ,second are the first two terms and n is
the no. of terms which should be supplied
into the constructor as parameter.
fib() : Constructor function to initialize first and

second to 0 and 1 and n to 10

fib() : A parameterized constructor which takes
value of first, second and n from user
gen_fib() : Is the function that generates the series for

terms

4. A class circle stores as data member - the radius and area of a circle and two
constructor functions. The first accepts, as argument the radius and calculate
its area. The second is a copy constructor that increases the area of the circle
by 1 and calculates its area. Also include another member function to display
radius and area of the circle

Q 3 and 4 to be done in the practical file